# packages in environment at /Users/niccolonobili/miniforge3/envs/hacks:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
appnope                   0.1.2            py39h2804cbe_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h5161555_1001    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.10.8            h4653dfc_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.10.8        py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.6           py39h52b1de0_1    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py39h2804cbe_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     7.1.2                      py_0    anaconda
cryptography              3.4.7            py39h73257c9_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.4.1            py39hfb83b0d_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
flask                     1.1.2                      py_0    anaconda
flask-cors                3.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h17b34a0_1    conda-forge
idna                      3.1                pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.4.1            py39h32adebf_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.28.0           py39h32adebf_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
itsdangerous              1.1.0                      py_0    anaconda
jbig                      2.1               h3422bc3_2003    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.0           py39h2804cbe_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2                     py_0    anaconda
joblib                    0.17.0                     py_0    anaconda
jpeg                      9d                   h27ca646_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.0.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.8.1            py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.2            py39h4d2d688_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 had6a04f_0    conda-forge
lerc                      2.2.1                h9f76cd9_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           11_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           11_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcxx                    12.0.1               h168391b_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.7                  h27ca646_5    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                hbdafb3b_4    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0.dev0      11_0_1_hf114ba7_23    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.0.1.dev0         hf114ba7_23    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           11_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.17          openmp_h5dd58f0_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hf7e6567_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                hc6122e1_1    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.1                h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.11            hee7b306_1013    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               12.0.1               hf3c4609_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py39h5161555_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.4.3            py39hdf13c20_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.4.3            py39h5aa4fe7_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h9aa5885_4    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.21.2           py39h1f3b974_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h062765e_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1l               h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.3.3            py39h7f752ed_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.3.2            py39ha74c66e_0    conda-forge
pip                       21.2.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.20             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 21.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39h2804cbe_3    conda-forge
python                    3.9.7           h54d631c_3_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    anaconda
python-dotenv             0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1                     py_0    anaconda
pyzmq                     22.3.0           py39h02c6a76_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  hedafd6a_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.26.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.0              py39h12ba089_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.7.0            py39h5060c3b_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.11.0                     py_0    anaconda
setuptools                58.2.0           py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0                     py_0    anaconda
spotipy                   2.19.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.36.0               h72a2b83_2    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             2.1.0              pyh5ca1d4c_0    anaconda
tk                        8.6.11               he1e0b03_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39h5161555_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021c                he74cb21_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.7             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
werkzeug                  1.0.1                      py_0    anaconda
wheel                     0.37.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h642e427_1    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            hee7b306_1013    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.0                h861e0a7_0    conda-forge
